org/opencv/core/Rect.java
 org.opencv.core.Rect
org/opencv/imgproc/Imgproc.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Imgproc
org/opencv/core/DMatch.java
 org.opencv.core.DMatch
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint2f.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint2f
org/opencv/core/Core.java
 org.opencv.core.Core
 org.opencv.core.Core$MinMaxLocResult
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat
org/opencv/core/CvException.java
 org.opencv.core.CvException
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint3.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint3
org/opencv/core/TermCriteria.java
 org.opencv.core.TermCriteria
org/opencv/imgproc/Moments.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.Moments
org/opencv/engine/OpenCVEngineInterface.java
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Default
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Stub
 org.opencv.engine.OpenCVEngineInterface$Stub$Proxy
org/opencv/core/Scalar.java
 org.opencv.core.Scalar
org/opencv/core/MatOfByte.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfByte
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint
org/opencv/core/MatOfDouble.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfDouble
org/opencv/core/Point3.java
 org.opencv.core.Point3
org/opencv/core/Mat.java
 org.opencv.core.Mat
org/opencv/core/Algorithm.java
 org.opencv.core.Algorithm
org/opencv/core/CvType.java
 org.opencv.core.CvType
org/opencv/core/MatOfInt.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfInt
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat6.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat6
org/opencv/core/MatOfPoint3f.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfPoint3f
org/opencv/core/Rect2d.java
 org.opencv.core.Rect2d
org/opencv/core/MatOfKeyPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfKeyPoint
org/opencv/imgcodecs/Imgcodecs.java
 org.opencv.imgcodecs.Imgcodecs
org/opencv/core/MatOfFloat4.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfFloat4
org/opencv/core/MatOfRotatedRect.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfRotatedRect
org/opencv/core/MatOfRect2d.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfRect2d
org/opencv/android/Utils.java
 org.opencv.android.Utils
org/opencv/core/TickMeter.java
 org.opencv.core.TickMeter
org/opencv/core/Size.java
 org.opencv.core.Size
org/opencv/core/MatOfDMatch.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfDMatch
org/opencv/BuildConfig.java
 org.opencv.BuildConfig
org/opencv/core/RotatedRect.java
 org.opencv.core.RotatedRect
org/opencv/imgproc/CLAHE.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.CLAHE
org/opencv/imgproc/LineSegmentDetector.java
 org.opencv.imgproc.LineSegmentDetector
org/opencv/core/MatOfRect.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfRect
org/opencv/core/KeyPoint.java
 org.opencv.core.KeyPoint
org/opencv/core/Range.java
 org.opencv.core.Range
org/opencv/core/Point.java
 org.opencv.core.Point
org/opencv/utils/Converters.java
 org.opencv.utils.Converters
org/opencv/core/MatOfInt4.java
 org.opencv.core.MatOfInt4
